Database description.
1. I’ve created following entities: owner, passport, sex, nationality, flat, room and ownership. 
Additionally I’ve created new tables: country, region, city, street.
2. The following relationships exist between entities: one-to-many and many-to-many. There is a one-to-many relationship 
between owner and passport, because one person can have several passports. 
2.1. There is also a one-to-many relationship between owner table and sex and nationality tables: one person may have only 
one nationality and gender, but different people may have the same nationality and gender.
2.2. There is a one-to-many relationship between the flat and room tables: different rooms belong to the same apartment. 
2.3. There is a many-to-many relationship between the owner and flat tables: the same owner can have several flats and the 
same flat apartment can have several owners, so I’ve created linking table which named onwnership.
2.4. There are a one-to-many relashionship between flat and street, street and city, city and region, region and country. 
3. I’ve included the following attributes in owner table: 
owner_id as a primary key, 
last name and first name (have a non-null constraint, because this characteristic is imperative for any person), 
second name (optional characteristic - a person may not have it), 
day, month and year of birth (imperative characteristic, set constraint for checking the date and month of birth, 
therefore, I set the data type to an integer), 
there is also a phone number attribute (text data type - no manipulation required), 
e-mail (is unique - there cannot be identical email address), 
foreign keys sex_id and nationality_id. 
4. The following attributes are in the passport table: 
passport_id (unique passport number, text data type - can contain both numbers and symbols), 
foreign key owner_id (determines who owns the passport, is included in the table because one person can own several passports), 
date of issue and expiration date (text data type for using date and time functions), 
country_id (not null, so the same person may have passports of different countries, we are linking to the country table). 
5. The following attributes are included in the flat table: 
flat_id, 
house_number (an imperative attribute, is not unique),
flat_number (an imperative attribute, is not unique), 
floor (integer data type, I’ve set the constraint - it must be greater than zero)
foreign key city_id and street_id (I suppose that this is enough to determine the address of the flats in this situation).
6. The following attributes are included in the room tables:
room_id (integer data type, using as a primary key),
name (text data type, it’s needed to distinguish different types of room),
length, width and height (real data type, this characteristics has rarely integer type),
flat_id as a foreign key, because there is a one_to-many relationship between flat and room tables – we include 
foreign key into the table the link is “many”).
7. In the nationality table I’ve set unique value to the nationality attributes.
8. I've created a view table,that named flat_square_top10. The table contains the top 10 flats by square. flat_square_top has 
following columns: flat_id, region, city, street, house_number, flat_number, square. I haven't included city column in the table 
because we work only with the flats in Belarus. I've sorted the table by descending order.

